MaximaPool configuration
========================

The servlet may be used in two different modes as local (or shared filesystem) version that stores generated files directly to the correct place or as a remote version that packages possible generated files to the response.

## Common config parameters

### The startup of the process

* `maxima.commandline` is the command starting your process e.g. `/usr/bin/maxima`
* `maxima.ready.for.load` defines what the process outputs before it is ready to receive the optional load command
* `maxima.load` is the file that is loaded once the process is ready for loading, the loading will be done by using maximas `load("FILE");` command. Set to `false` if you do not want to load anything.
* `maxima.ready.for.use` defines what the process ouputs before it is ready for use.
* `maxima.path.command` is used to setup the folders of the process if we are using the servlet in the remote file handling mode. The command will be executed once the process is ready for use.
* `maxima.cwd` sets the working directory of the process should that matter.

### The version select

`file.handling` can be set to `true` when you want the pool to keep an eye on files possibly generated by the process and then package them in the response. Set to `false` otherwise. Typically, in small scale installations you'll pick `false`. Remeber to check `maxima.path.command` as this will not work without it.

### Pool related parameters

* `pool.size.min` and `pool.size.max` define the minimum and maximum number of processes to be kept in the pool. Memory will probably be the limit here.
* `pool.start.limit` defines how many processes may be starting up at the same time. It also sets the maximum sustained capacity of the pool with the next parameter. Setting this too high may cause the starting up of processes to slow down the actuall work of processes.
* `pool.update.cycle` defines in milliseconds the time between the updating of pools estimated demand and starting of new processes and killing of old ones.
* `pool.adaptation.demand.initial.estimate` defines in kHz the initial estimate for the demand so that the pool may start working before any data is available.
* `pool.adaptation.averages.length` defines how many requests should be kept in log to use for estimating demand and other parameters.
* `pool.adaptation.safety.multiplier` is a multiplier used in defining the current target pool size. The formula for that is `demandEstimate*pool.update.cycle*pool.adaptation.safety.multiplier`. Do set it higher than 1.0.
* `pool.process.lifetime` is the lifetime given to a process in milliseconds the processes in the pool are killed after that limit and new ones are started up if there is demand.
* `pool.execution.time.limit` is the extra lifetime given to a process when it goes to work so that its lifetime does not run out.
